should have hit harder
and so in all gubarev
Alexander Palamar win second
Party leads in this final 2 0
don't play if you choose not
it will fail
Gubarev Nbu
it is his
decision and this is his style of play
hurrying white and Pierre Webo about
rocked her sick
yes, a good look now as
will be able to dispose of further
in the yard in the game play off football already
filed the ball
we can put so to say Alexander
palamar
third sharks period
next start center
March 24th to March 22nd world cup teams
Kaliningrad 16 teams
from the country and three athletes a man
woman
boys not older than 1986 year of birth
know who will represent our
blue-eyed there
yes there will be athletes
ed
there for men will give way to Igor Kupala
over the weekend selenium cruise women
martial arts in all of Russia
the athletes are quite experienced and
billiards lovers of our country and well
do not know Belarusian cassation
qualifying competition percentage
need this tournament this was the composition
formed by results
tournament tournament
it causes a stir on
translations it seems to have already decided iron
centuries they gave a review
trying to pay
ap I myself Sasha smiles a good thing
reaction device
then if you are well tuned 2 0 final
he is very good today
but the memory came not him
quarterfinal match in Kiev mup two
years ago in our Sergey briskly when
victory smartly
in almost 4 4 in the last ball
decided Ukrainians last hope
brilliant blow
electricity for rewards you know
made such decisions in this match
fighters Kolomoisky